[Workers] Clarify Smart Placement details (#8944)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/smart-placement.md

Smart Placement is enabled on a per-Worker basis. Once enabled, fetch requests (also known as subrequests) from your Worker are analyzed regularly. The Smart Placement algorithm determines the optimal placement to minimize the round-trip time (RTT) between the Worker and the back-end service the Worker is communicating with. 

> Smart Placement is only active for Workers that **make more than one roundtrip** to back-end infrastructure. If your Worker does less than one subrequest on average, Smart Placement will run the Worker at the data center closest to the user.  

Reviewer: This wording should also be applied to line 10 and in the Smart Placement Pages docs for unity.

Author: I kinda disagree on this one. The two concepts are the same ("multiple roundtrips" and "more than one roundtrip"). The "two or more roundtrips" qualifier here is technically inaccurate (because it works on averages, so "1.1" roundtrips would qualify), hence the change here to the more accurate version – removing the "make multiple roundtrips" is for brevity reasons – it's a bit redundant with both of them. But I think it flows nicer in an introduction to the feature to just say "multiple roundtrips" rather then immediately get technical with the wordier "more than one roundtrip"

```

Possible placement states include:
- _(not present)_: The Worker has not been analyzed for Smart Placement yet.
- `INSUFFICIENT_INVOCATIONS`: Not enough requests for Smart Placement to make a placement decision.
- `NO_VALID_HOSTS`: The Worker does not send subrequests to [back-end services supported by Smart Placement](/workers/platform/smart-placement/#supported-backend-services).
- `INSUFFICIENT_SUBREQUESTS`: The Worker does not send enough subrequests to valid back-end services.

> - `SUCCESS`: The Worker has been successfully analyzed and will be Smart Placed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SUCCESS`: The Worker has been successfully analyzed and will be optimized by Smart Placement.
```
